LoneScale node (#1418)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.lonescaletrigger.md

---
title: LoneScale trigger - n8n Documentation
description: Documentation for the LoneScale trigger node in n8n, a workflow automation platform. Includes details of operations and configuration, and links to examples and credentials information.
---

# LoneScale trigger

The LoneScale trigger node allows you to respond to workflow events in LoneScale and integrate LoneScale with other applications.

> On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Action Network node supports, and links to more resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this page, you'll find a list of operations the LoneScale node supports, and links to more resources.
```
